Add Part 3: coding a complete shoot-em-up game (#57)
gbdev/gb-asm-tutorial: src/part3/project-structure.md

                - objects - for gameplay objects like the player, bullets, and enemies
                    - collision  - for collision among objects
            - story - for our story state's related files
            - title-screen - for our title screen's related files
        - utils - Extra functions includes to assist with development
            - macros
- dist - The final ROM file will be created here. **This is not included in the repo**
- obj - Intermediate files from the compile process. **This is not included in the repo**
- Makefile - used to create the final ROM file and intermediate files

## Background & Sprite Resources

The following backgrounds and sprites are used in Galactic Armada:

- Backgrounds
    - Star Field
    - Title Screen
    - Text Font (Tiles only)
- Sprites
    - Enemy Ship
    - Player Ship
    - Bullet

![star-field.png](../assets/part3/img/star-field.png)

![text-font.png](../assets/part3/img/text-font.png)

![title-screen.png](../assets/part3/img/title-screen.png)

![player-ship.png](../assets/part3/img/player-ship.png)

![enemy-ship.png](../assets/part3/img/enemy-ship.png)

![bullet.png](../assets/part3/img/bullet.png)

> These images were originally created in Aseprite. The original files are included in the repository, but require Aseprite.  They were exported as a PNG **with a specific color palette**. Ater beingexported as a PNG, when you run `make`, Those PNGs then are converted into .2bpp and .tilemap files via the RGBDS tool: RGBGFX.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These images were originally created in Aseprite. The original templates are also included in the repository.  They were exported as a PNG **with a specific color palette**. Ater being exported as a PNG, when you run `make`, they are converted into .2bpp and .tilemap files via the RGBDS tool: RGBGFX.  
```

```rgbasm,linenos,start={{#line_no_of "" ../../galactic-armada/main.asm:sprite-tile-data}}
{{#include ../../galactic-armada/main.asm:sprite-tile-data}}
```

You can find more about the INCBIN command here: [https://rgbds.gbdev.io/docs/v0.6.1/rgbasm.5#Including_binary_files](https://rgbds.gbdev.io/docs/v0.6.1/rgbasm.5#Including_binary_files)

> ### [Including binary files](https://rgbds.gbdev.io/docs/v0.6.1/rgbasm.5#Including_binary_files)
> 
> You probably have some graphics, level data, etc. you'd like to include. Use **`INCBIN`** to include a raw binary file as it is. If the file isn't found in the current directory, the include-path list passed to [rgbasm(1)](https://rgbds.gbdev.io/docs/v0.6.1/rgbasm.1) (see the **`-i`** option) on the command line will be searched.
> 
> **`INCBIN "titlepic.bin"
> INCBIN "sprites/hero.bin"`**
> 
> You can also include only part of a file with **`INCBIN`**. The example below includes 256 bytes from data.bin, starting from byte 78.
> 
> **`INCBIN "data.bin",78,256`**
> 
> The length argument is optional. If only the start position is specified, the bytes from the start position until the end of the file will be included.

## Compilation

> Compilation is done via a Makefile. This makefile can be run using the `make` command. Make should be preinstalled on linux and Mac systems. For windows users, check out [cygwin](https://www.cygwin.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compilation is done via a Makefile. This makefile can be run using the `make` command. Make should be preinstalled on Linux and Mac systems. For Windows users, check out [cygwin](https://www.cygwin.com/).
```

Without going over everything in detail, here’s what the makefile does:

- Clean generated folders
- Recreate generated folders
- Convert PNGs in src/resources to .2bpp, and .tilemap formats
- Convert .asm files to .o
- Use the .o files to build the ROM file

> - Apply the RGBDS “fix” utility for the generated ROM file so everything works fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply the RGBDS “fix” utility.
```

Maybe link https://rgbds.gbdev.io/docs/v0.4.2/rgbfix.1/ here?
